blockchain-developer.md, before:

# Wanted: Blockchain Rust Developer

Sigma Prime is hiring a software engineer, who has prior experience with the
Rust programming language, to develop open-source software.

## The Company

**Sigma Prime** is a boutique information security firm who provide specialist
blockchain expertise. We are a team of developers, researchers, and security
engineers who have come together with the purpose of building a secure and
decentralised world.

Ethereum has been a focus of ours since 2015, and we have provided security
reviews, design consultancy, and niche development services to clients both
locally and internationally.

Our latest project, Lighthouse, is an Ethereum 2.0 client built using Rust. The
project is already established and development has begun; the open-source
repository can be found at [github.com/sigp/lighthouse](https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse).
We are honoured to have received a grant from the Ethereum Foundation that enables
us to expand our development capabilities.

Our office is located on King Street, Newtown, one of Sydney’s great cultural
hubs. Between coding and consulting, we like to catch up for lunch or a drink
at one of Newtown’s many cafes and bars.


## The Role

We are looking to expand our core team by hiring a software engineer who shares
our passion for decentralised systems, and whose development skills compliment
those of our team.

You may fit the role if you:

 - Are experienced in developing applications using Rust.
	i.e. you’re able to implement complex functions in idiomatic Rust.
 - Possess a keen interest in information security.  
 - Have a practical knowledge of cryptographic signature schemes.  
 - Are passionate about Ethereum, proof-of-stake blockchains, and/or decentralised systems.

This role is for a *junior* developer whose primary objective will be to
contribute towards development of the Lighthouse project. Secondary objectives
of the role include supporting Sigma Prime’s information security offerings,
for example by developing security analysis tools and performing offensive
security assessments.

The ideal candidate would be an Ethereum enthusiast with experience in smart
contract development, who is looking to become a contributor to software at the
core of the Ethereum ecosystem. The primary focus of this role would involve
direct interaction with the Ethereum Foundation research team.

## Location

Sigma Prime has a private office near Newtown train station in Sydney, and the
ideal candidate would be able to work with our team in the office. While it is
less ideal, we are also open to an otherwise ideal candidate working remotely.

## Apply

If this role sounds suitable for you, please answer a few questions on the
following form and we will be in touch: [Application: Blockchain
Developer](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1TYyhe6WZyTGaHxScOfmchnzTbP47n8YmLaS50ZC2WN8)

Whilst Google Forms makes managing applications easier for us, we understand if
you'd prefer not to use it. In such a case, you can send us an email at
careers@sigmaprime.io and optionally PGP encrypt for keybase.io/paulhauner.

Commit message:

Updated job descriptions to not include the Newtown office, since we are working remotely for now.

blockchain-developer.md, after:

# Wanted: Blockchain Rust Developer

Sigma Prime is hiring a software engineer, who has prior experience with the
Rust programming language, to develop open-source software.

## The Company

**Sigma Prime** is a boutique information security firm who provide specialist
blockchain expertise. We are a team of developers, researchers, and security
engineers who have come together with the purpose of building a secure and
decentralised world.

Ethereum has been a focus of ours since 2015, and we have provided security
reviews, design consultancy, and niche development services to clients both
locally and internationally.

Our latest project, Lighthouse, is an Ethereum 2.0 client built using Rust. The
project is already established and development has begun; the open-source
repository can be found at [github.com/sigp/lighthouse](https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse).
We are honoured to have received a grant from the Ethereum Foundation that enables
us to expand our development capabilities.

## The Role

We are looking to expand our core team by hiring a software engineer who shares
our passion for decentralised systems, and whose development skills compliment
those of our team.

You may fit the role if you:

 - Are experienced in developing applications using Rust.
	i.e. you’re able to implement complex functions in idiomatic Rust.
 - Possess a keen interest in information security.  
 - Have a practical knowledge of cryptographic signature schemes.  
 - Are passionate about Ethereum, proof-of-stake blockchains, and/or decentralised systems.

This role is for a *junior* developer whose primary objective will be to
contribute towards development of the Lighthouse project. Secondary objectives
of the role include supporting Sigma Prime’s information security offerings,
for example by developing security analysis tools and performing offensive
security assessments.

The ideal candidate would be an Ethereum enthusiast with experience in smart
contract development, who is looking to become a contributor to software at the
core of the Ethereum ecosystem. The primary focus of this role would involve
direct interaction with the Ethereum Foundation research team.

## Location

Sigma Prime is based in Sydney, Australia, and while local candidates are preferred,
remote work is an essential part of our company culture. Those who work remotely still
form an integral part of the team.

## Apply

If this role sounds suitable for you, please answer a few questions on the
following form and we will be in touch: [Application: Blockchain
Developer](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1TYyhe6WZyTGaHxScOfmchnzTbP47n8YmLaS50ZC2WN8)

Whilst Google Forms makes managing applications easier for us, we understand if
you'd prefer not to use it. In such a case, you can send us an email at
careers@sigmaprime.io and optionally PGP encrypt for keybase.io/paulhauner.
